Murach's HTML5 and CSS3 (4th Edition) - NOTE: this is the heading

The below text is always visible:

Murach's HTML5 and CSS3 provides all HTML and CSS a professional needs, and it adds 
coverage of Flexible Box and Grid Layout, two new CSS3 ways to implement page layouts. 
So whether you're a web designer, a JavaScript programmer, a server-side programmer, or a 
rookie, this book delivers all the HTML and CSS skills that you need on the job. It begins with an 
8-chapter hands-on course that teaches you HTML and CSS from scratch, including the latest 
HTML5 and CSS3 features.

The below text is only visible when the "Show more" link is clicked:

After that, you'll learn how to use Flexible Box and Grid Layout, and how to work with forms 
and data validation. Then you'll learn how to enhance a site with video clips, CSS3 transitions, 
transforms, and animations. You'll learn how to design and deploy a website, as well as other 
professional skills like how to use JavaScript and jQuery and how to use development tools like 
Bootstrap, SASS, and Emmet. And after you've learned all the skills that you need, this book 
becomes the best on-the-job reference you've ever used.

About the authors - NOTE: this is the heading

The below text is always visible:

Anne Boehm has over 30 years of experience as an enterprise programmer. She got started 
with Visual Basic in the days of VB5 and has been programming on .NET since its inception. She 
added C# to her programming repertoire in the mid-2000s, and she is authored or co-authored 
our books on Visual Basic, C#, ADO.NET, ASP.NET, and HTML5/CSS3.

The below text is only visible when the "Show more" link is clicked:

Zak Ruvalcaba has been researching, designing, and developing for the web since 1995. His skill 
set ranges from HTML5/CSS3 and JavaScript/jQuery to .NET with VB and C#, and he's created 
web applications for companies like HP, Toshiba, IBM, Gateway, Intuit, Peachtree, Dell, 
and Microsoft. He has authored or co-authored our books on HTML5/CSS3, jQuery, and Dreamweaver CC.

Who this book is for - NOTE: this is the heading

The below text is always visible:

Due to our unique presentation methods and this book's modular organization, this is the right 
book for any web developer who wants to use HTML5 and CSS3 effectively. That includes:

budding web developers 
web developers who haven't yet upgraded their websites to HTML5 and CSS3
web developers who need to expand and enhance their skillsets
The below text is only visible when the "Show more" link is clicked:

As we see it, mastering HTML5 and CSS3 will make any web developer at any level more effective.